Update convention for images (issue 1261) (#1693)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/README.md

> Each guide must have an `images/` subdirectory with `images/common` symlink into the `common/images` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each guide must have an `images/` subdirectory with `images/common` symlink into the `common/images/` directory.
```
Not including it in symlink on purpose.

Images local to the guide shall be kept in the `images/` directory.

> Images which are supposed to be reused across guides shall be kept in the `images/common` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images which are supposed to be reused across guides shall be kept in the `images/common/` directory.
```

Subdirectories can be created and are actually recommended.

To insert an image, use `image::common/global_image.png` or `image::local_image.png`.

> Upstream diagrams should be created using [diagrams.net](https://www.diagrams.net/).
> The editable diagram in `drawio` format shall be placed in `guides/image-sources`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create upstream diagrams using [diagrams.net](https://www.diagrams.net/).
Place the editable diagram in `drawio` format in `guides/image-sources/`.
```
